she's in occupied East Jerusalem for us
hamda so how did we hear that Israel had
changed its mind on
this initially Anonymous American
officials had spoken to Israeli media
saying that indeed Israel's prime
minister's office had reached out to the
White House to reschedule this visit by
an Israeli delegation when elz reached
out to the prime minister's office they
said they had no comment on the matter
however the White House press secretary
Karen jeanpierre confirming this
afternoon in a briefing with press
saying that the Israeli Prime Minister's
office did reach out to the White House
and they are looking at a date that is
convenient for both parties and when
that date is reached there will be an
announcement from the White House but
it's interesting because earlier on
Wednesday the Israeli Prime Minister had
essentially boasted about cancelling
this meeting not only because the US
didn't use their veto power in the UN
security Council when there was a
measure calling for a ceasefire in Gaza
that was both lasting and sustainable
but the Israeli Prime Minister also said
it was a message to Hamas that in the
face of international pressure Israel is
not going to Cave even if it's from
pressure from Israel's biggest Ally like
the United States now the Americans were
quite upset about the cancellation of
this visit in fact the National Security
Council spokesperson John Kirby spoke to
Israeli media tonight and said that the
Americans were hoping to hear from
Israel counterparts on how exactly they
plan to invade gaza's Southernmost city
of raah and what exactly they plan to do
when it comes to evacuating nearly one
and a half million Palestinians who were
asked to go there by the Israeli Army as
the rest of the Palestinian territory
was being besieged the Israeli Prime
Minister has said that with or without
American support this invasion in raah
is going to happen but it shows you the
changing Dynamics between the two allies
and how the United States has spoken
quite publicly about being against this
ground invasion in TFA saying that it
would clearly be a mistake but the
Israelis remain adamant that it is
simply going to happen so this meeting
with the Israeli delegation as requested
by the American President Joe Biden will
take place at a future date okay thank
you for that update ham salute there for
us in occupied East Jerusalem let's
return to Al jaz's senior political
analyst Maran bashara what do you read
into what's going on here Netanyahu now
reversing course and wanting to
reschedule the meeting with the United
States I think he understands that he
made a mistake it was foolish stupid
shortsighted on his part and in fact
some of his own uh Coalition Partners
like uh Gans called him out on it he
said this was wrong what You' done we
cannot uh give up on and we cannot turn
our back to and we cannot humiliate our
uh patrons our partners our protectors
our
Bankers right in Washington the Biden
Administration and I think uh Nan
realized that and he wants to uh reverse
uh what he has done but instead of doing
it diplomatically as he should have
honestly as he's not capable of by
saying I made a mistake he instead lied
as usual you know birds fly snakes bite
nanahu lies it's his nature he's a liar
pathological liar everyone knows him to
be a liar his own Partners it's not my
words his own Partners call him Liars
one of his ministers smri called him the
liar of all liars so he resorts to lies
now for long he believes America is
stupid he thinks America stupid and he
tells the Israeli public openly that
only I can have America I know how to he
actually said that I know how to manage
America winking at Israeli settlers that
he knows how to do it and in fact
America did act numerous countless times
stupidly when it comes to Israel I don't
know for some reason American officials
go Gaga when it comes to Israel and at
any things are stupid but at this point
five months into an unraveling genocide
on TV screens in the United States and
elsewhere the Biden admistration decided
that it's time to wind down the war to D
to down to tone down that genocide so
they actually
abstained for for a United Nation
resolution where the entire
International Community came and said
the war must stop so Netanyahu was angry
at that because Netanyahu thinks Biden
takes orders from him he thinks America
takes orders from Israel the little Rog
State that's dependent on the United
States has been giving the Biden
admistration orders the past five months
what to do what not to do how to behave
how much money they should send how much
arms they should how they need to vote
which bases they should build in the
Middle East and not and so on so forth
well the Biden Administration has got
bit tired of this genocide of getting
the bad WAP for it terrible standing in
the world and in the region and so on so
forth so now n is trying to fix it right
by Lying by deceiving by meeting with
Republican Senators like Scott uh Rick
Scott that he was talking to about that
that this was a message to Hamas I don't
think M Hamas got the message because
they didn't think it was for them I
don't think anyone in the United States
believed that not sending two invoice to
Washington was a message to Hamas
everyone understood it was a message to
Biden Netanyahu knew it was a message to
Biden guns who told him you shouldn't do
that knew it was a m so by so natan's
lying about it again he fixes a lie with
another lie with another lie thinking
that he can always deceive a world that
has basically look the other way as
Israel carried on with this genocide we
will see if the Biden
Administration keeps it cool does not
receive these two envoys and decides to
slap Israel with sanctions but then you
know that's probably wishful too well
we'll have to see thank you for that
alera senior it's GL this Maran bashara
there